README.md, before:

# Valorant Discord Bot

> A Discord bot for Valorant that provides information about agents, weapons, skins, and more — all via the Valorant API.

---

## Features

- **/agents** – List all Valorant agents
- **/agent [name]** – Get detailed info about a single agent (abilities, portrait)
- **/battlepass** - Show the latest live battlepass (contract) in Valorant
- **/bundle [name]** – Show details about a specific skin bundle (skins, price)
- **/bundles** – List all available skin bundles (with pagination)
- **/currentevent** – Show details about the current Valorant event
- **/currentseason** – Show details about the current Valorant season
- **/map [name]** – Look up a Valorant map
- **/newestagent** - Show detailed info about the newest Valorant agent released
- **/randomskin** – Get a random skin from the entire Valorant collection
- **/skin [name]** – Show details about a single skin (tier, images)
- **/skins [weapon]** – List all skins for a specific weapon (with pagination)
- **/weapon [name]** – Look up weapon stats, cost, category, wall penetration

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js >= 20.18.1
- Discord bot token ([create a bot here](https://discord.com/developers/applications))
- A server where you can add your bot

1. Create your bot on Discord's [developer page](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
2. Save your Token securely (you'll need to reset it if lost).
3. Go to the **OAuth2** tab to generate your invite URL.
   - **Scopes:**
     - `bot`
     - `application.commands`
   - **Permissions:**
     - Send Messages
     - Embed Links
     - Attach Files
     - Read Message History
     - Manage Expressions
     - View Channels
4. Invite the bot to your server using the generated URL.

---

## Installation

Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Create a .env file in the root directory with the following:
```bash
DISCORD_TOKEN=your_discord_bot_token
CLIENT_ID=your_discord_app_client_id
GUILD_ID=your_discord_server_id
```

If you want to run a separate development bot, you can also add:
```bash
DEV_DISCORD_TOKEN=your_dev_discord_bot_token
DEV_CLIENT_ID=your_dev_discord_app_client_id
NODE_ENV=development
```

### Running the Bot

`npm start`
The bot should log in and register slash commands with your server.

### Project Structure
```bash
/src
  /commands   # All Discord slash commands
  /embeds     # Embed templates for certain commands
  /utils      # Helper functions (e.g., tier mapping)
[index.js](http://_vscodecontentref_/2)      # Bot entry point
.env          # Environment variables
```

### Notes
* Uses Valorant API [https://valorant-api.com/v1] for agents, weapons, and skins.
* Requires Discord slash command permissions.

Commit message:

Credit Liquipedia API integration in README.md

README.md, after:

# Valorant Discord Bot

> A Discord bot for Valorant that provides information about agents, weapons, skins via the Valorant API, and uses the Liquipedia API to provide esport-related data about tournaments, teams, and players.
> Built with [discord.js](https://discord.js.org/), [Valorant API](https://valorant-api.com/), and [Liquipedia API](https://liquipedia.net/api).

---

## Valorant Commands

- **/agents** – List all Valorant agents
- **/agent [name]** – Get detailed info about a single agent (abilities, portrait)
- **/battlepass** - Show the latest live battlepass (contract) in Valorant
- **/bundle [name]** – Show details about a specific skin bundle (skins, price)
- **/bundles** – List all available skin bundles (with pagination)
- **/currentevent** – Show details about the current Valorant event
- **/currentseason** – Show details about the current Valorant season
- **/map [name]** – Look up a Valorant map
- **/newestagent** - Show detailed info about the newest Valorant agent released
- **/randomskin** – Get a random skin from the entire Valorant collection
- **/skin [name]** – Show details about a single skin (tier, images)
- **/skins [weapon]** – List all skins for a specific weapon (with pagination)
- **/weapon [name]** – Look up weapon stats, cost, category, wall penetration

## Liquipedia Commands

- **/player [name]** – Get detailed info about a Valorant esports player (team, stats)
- **/team [name]** – Get detailed info about a Valorant esports team
- **/upcoming_matches [tournament]** – List upcoming Valorant esports matches
- **/upcoming_tournaments** – List upcoming Valorant esports tournaments

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js >= 20.18.1
- Discord bot token ([create a bot here](https://discord.com/developers/applications))
- A server where you can add your bot

1. Create your bot on Discord's [developer page](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
2. Save your Token securely (you'll need to reset it if lost).
3. Go to the **OAuth2** tab to generate your invite URL.
   - **Scopes:**
     - `bot`
     - `application.commands`
   - **Permissions:**
     - Send Messages
     - Embed Links
     - Attach Files
     - Read Message History
     - Manage Expressions
     - View Channels
4. Invite the bot to your server using the generated URL.

---

## Installation

Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Create a .env file in the root directory with the following:
```bash
DISCORD_TOKEN=your_discord_bot_token
CLIENT_ID=your_discord_app_client_id
GUILD_ID=your_discord_server_id
```

If you want to run a separate development bot, you can also add:
```bash
DEV_DISCORD_TOKEN=your_dev_discord_bot_token
DEV_CLIENT_ID=your_dev_discord_app_client_id
NODE_ENV=development
```

### Using Liquipedia API

To use the Liquipedia API, you need to set up an account and obtain an API key. Once you have the key, add it to your .env file:

```bash
LIQUIPEDIA_API_KEY=your_liquipedia_api_key
```

### Running the Bot

`npm start`
The bot should log in and register slash commands with your server.

### Project Structure
```bash
/src
  /commands   # All Discord slash commands
  /embeds     # Embed templates for certain commands
  /utils      # Helper functions (e.g., tier mapping)
[index.js](http://_vscodecontentref_/2)      # Bot entry point
.env          # Environment variables
```

### Notes
* Uses Valorant API [https://valorant-api.com/v1] for agents, weapons, and skins.
* Uses Liquipedia API [https://liquipedia.net/api] for esports data regarding Valorant.
* Requires Discord slash command permissions.
